doc(1.8.0, 1.7.3): mount host's /etc on Longhorn manager for NFS configuration check (#1019)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.8.0/deploy/install/_index.md

- Longhorn Manager
  - /dev: Block devices created by Longhorn are under the `/dev` path.
  - /proc: Find the recognized host process like container runtime, then use `nsenter` to access the mounts on the host to understand disks usage.

>   - /etc: Read the necessary system configuration to get node status updated, e.g. `nfsmount.conf`.

Reviewer: For your consideration. Prefer English rather than Latin exempli gratia. Thanks
```suggestion
  - /etc: Read the necessary system configuration to get node status updated, for example, `nfsmount.conf`.
```
